it's common people to see things that
aren't real have you ever seen things
like this before I had an imaginary
friend when I was a kid his name was
Daniel he was my best friend he was my
only friend it's kind of a strange
notion but maybe you should try to
connect with that part of yourself again
[Music]
[Applause]
last time I saw you you were this kid
bursting with imagination I bet you can
get a phone number many girl up in this
party you're an artist too book I do
photography
sometimes I'm here because you're here
I'm part of you
what's that thing behind me your shadow
saw something full of danger mystery
he's taking over to me do things that I
don't want to do imagine I could make
you go right Daniel is simply an aspect
of your mind
what I could do
when you painted me you saw a shadow
what did he look like
you
[Music]